angel:
	ul 10, bill containing bingaman-secured funds for angel fire clears another hurdle. jul 09, key spending 

archbishop:
	day of desmond mpilo tutu, south african anglican archbishop of cape town, and nobel peace prize recipient h. 

belief:
	ajor urban areas are still terrorist targets. the belief is that the terrorists have not forgotten us but 
	tion and world.  this collaboration speaks to the belief that public universities should be engines of inn
	heir failure to do so. even more upsetting is our belief that the lines of communication between us and th
	resident will not follow the statute based on his belief of its interference with his  plenary authority. 

beliefs:
	est standards, ensuring our breakthroughs and our beliefs go hand-in-hand. and when it comes to stem-cell r

bishop:
	s speeches op-eds congressional record statements bishop in the news photo gallery newsletters audio & vid
	ry rodham clinton, senator for new york: clinton, bishop welcome announcement that congressional medal of 
	alva. an en bloc amendment offered by mr. bishop (bishop #1 and bishop #2) to the amendment in the nature 
	ort of the amendment, including reps. payne (nj), bishop, tim (ny), tonko (ny), fudge (oh), courtney (ct),
	uth and bourne, massachusetts.  he graduated from bishop stang high school in north dartmouth, massachuset
	 for long island fisherman 07/01/03 < read more > bishop holds transportation forum to improve traffic, sa

bless:
	int home  |  text only  |  earmark disclosure god bless you sir and enlarge your influence. posted by: do
	er sense of compassion across our nation. may god bless all of you who have helped out your fellow man th

blessed:
	e life style we enjoy. and oh by the way, god has blessed this country since its foundation. this is only o

blessing:
	 our nation s humble origins and to ask for god s blessing and guidance as our nation continues to face enor

cathedral:
	 as upper georgetown is located near the national cathedral around wisconsin avenue. there are plenty of grou

catholic:
	ces 09/21/2005 schumer announces over $99,000 for catholic charities of cortland community 09/21/2005 schume

chaplain:
	01 a.m. - today's prayer was offered by the house chaplain, rev. daniel coughlin. 10:00 a.m. - the speaker d

chaplains:
	tive in idaho 100,000 international fellowship of chaplains, inc., saginaw, mi for the road to hope training 

christ:
	 brushed up to death s door can know, i saw jesus christ near me. i prayed for my life. and i truly believ

christian:
	 m.d. bishop harry jackson, senior pastor at hope christian church, college park, maryland bishop wellington 
	an development, the city of corona and crossroads christian church, will host a homeownership preservation wo
	n eric fletcher- boise nathan grunzweig- rathdrum christian hertzog- eagle emma mattson- meridian joseph morl
	pork-barrel' reforms by gail russell chaddock the christian science monitor 09/07/06 senate wants details on 

christmas:
	ach evening through january 1, 2012 . the capitol christmas tree has been a tradition for more than 45 years,

church:
	ndidates phil bredesen and bob clement from black church to black church sunday to boost democratic turnou
	m civic involvement to employing the power of the church network in disasters such as hurricane katrina an
	 expensive garb every where he goes. the catholic church is a multi-billion dollar operation and is the ri
	o employers, workers, and t... more butler county church, columbus non-profit awarded competitive grant fo
	iday 9:00am-6:00pm eastern time mount laurel 4167 church road mount laurel, nj 08054 phone: (856) 780-6436

churches:
	s, chris worked with the south african council of churches against apartheid and later worked with the coali

confessed:
	that the victim was found - the day he supposedly confessed to the crime on his way to work. the jury convict

conversion:
	earing 10/25/06 chambliss praises c-130j contract conversion   home | text only | sitemap | privacy policy | c

conversions:
	ference agreement eliminates the income limits on conversions of traditional iras to roth iras. thus, taxpayers

creator:
	ined to our shores, but the gifts of a benevolent creator to all humanity. ag, env, enrgy & trans [17] agri

crusader:
	am ended its season with a record of 12-3.   as a crusader from the class of 1968, i congratulate coach rode

diocese:
	tand with the california missions foundation, the diocese of monterey, the franciscan friars, and everyone 

evangelical:
	ember of the opposition?" she was asked. "i am an evangelical christian," she replied without a beat. her stori

evil:
	row or broad as deemed necessary to deal with the evil discerned and, equally important, to refashion th

faith:
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs gove
	ironment   new! jobs and the economy taxes   new! faith   new! judges terrorism   new! family   new! lega
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs heal
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs gove
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs heal
	the pope    new! senator(s): john thune issue(s): faith file name: thunepope42.mp3 quality: phone | lengt
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs gove
	ducation energy & gas prices energy & environment faith & family values health care national security sec
	nment usa.gov for business usa.gov for nonprofits faith-based initiatives govbenefits.gov ftc consumer al
	ducation energy & environment energy & gas prices faith & family values health care national security sec
	ment costs and the settlement statement. the good faith estimate provides consumers with an itemized esti
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs heal
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs gove
	ica great -- individual liberty, free markets and faith. jim is a responsive, reform-minded republican wh
	 best practices of industry. in so doing, we keep faith with the taxpayers who ultimately provide the fin
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs heal
	o clemson-icar (september 29, 2005 inglis defends faith-based head start program (september 22, 2005) fou
	ent environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affairs gove
	nd that is unfortunate. but all americans of good faith should at least agree that we need a fair process
	ives   centers for disease control and prevention faith based and community initiatives related documents
	and, employee, and christian, david lived out his faith in a passionate way serving not only our local co

fellowship:
	pages service academies visiting d.c. white house fellowship issues issue statements sponsored legislation co-

fundamentalism:
	ust take actions to thwart the growth of islamist fundamentalism and change the image of the u.s. in the islamic w

gabriel:
	glendale griffith park monterey park pasadena san gabriel south pasadena temple city home  >  newsroom  >  
	ment to prohibit funds to be used conduct the san gabriel watershed and mountains special resource study in
	. raymond basin, six basins, chino basin, and san gabriel basin, california house sec. 5052. no comparable 
	hing ear candy charity empowerment through sports gabriel's angels greater foothills helping hands, faith i

god:
	he scriptures. i have no teacher only the word of god. this is where i differ from all others. i listen
	inciples abraham lincoln "that this nation, under god, shall have a new birth of freedom, and that gove
	ving, god bless those who have served before, and god bless america.    -30-   november 2006 press rele
	f earth, the united states of america, so help us god. thank you all. thank you for being here this mem
	, h1191 [27mr] ------allow display of the words ``god bless america'' in public schools (see h. con. re
	ndependence, that we are all children of the same god. that means we all have the same rights. it also 
	ne state can have an impact on the entire nation. god bless you and keep standing up for our troops! si

godspeed:
	 quality of their lives.  i also want to wish you godspeed in your efforts during the second session of the 

grace:
	bamacare waiver? , heritage foundation , 5/18/11) grace-marie turner asked in today s washington examiner
	hool. farmington high school. gallup high school. grace baptist academy. kirtland central high school. na
	strict, san jose, ca opening statement chairwoman grace napolitano search calendar home   |   about   |  

hashana:
	(8) 14th majority leader frist's comments on rosh hashana 15th senator brownback speaks on anti-semitism cu

jesuit:
	ernment and politics and u.s. government at belen jesuit preparatory school. he moderates its chapter of a

jewish:
	 disaster relief 1-800-462-8657, ext. 6440 united jewish communities 1-800-462-8657, ext. 6440 united meth
	d a special bond since the founding of the modern jewish state in 1948. as a lone state fighting for freed
	rep. gabrielle giffords will open time capsule at jewish history museum u.s. rep. gabrielle giffords and u
	 the national park ... speaking at the council of jewish organizations... reporting how the iraq war has c
	ocialist republics to end the current policies of jewish emigration discrimination and anti-semitism. spon

kingdom:
	region of sudan; h. res. 1307 : commemorating the kingdom of bhutan; h. con. res. 344 : recognizing that we

mecca:
	arter airline (selcon airline co.) nigeria/us and mecca flights. wealth comes [from] father in connection

methodist:
	pastor tim warner and youth from st. marks united methodist church in boyds to remove the graffiti at the his

minister:
	e air force for installations. meeting with first minister salmond - congressman jack kingston (r/ga-1) met 
	tionship between democracy and religious liberty. minister sharansky is not only a profound philosopher on t

ministers:
	, substituted  to which ambassadors, other public ministers, consuls, or  for  brought by ambassadors or othe

ministries:
	 grassley has tried to stir. further, none of the ministries under scrutiny are refusing information. they are
	help housing program.    we applaud bread of life ministries for its efforts to assist maine families that are

monastery:
	hting in 1999, the serbian orthodox monks of this monastery had saved kosovar albanians from persecution by s

moral:
	ildren are not just democratic values, they are a moral imperative facing this nation. "as we look forwar
	pendence of women is crucial to achieving a just, moral, and honorable society h. res. 34 : recognizing t
	ajor loophole : generally, only  crimes involving moral turpitude  or drug violations render an alien  in
	 behavior: there's a parallel to be drawn between moral hazard in the ltc, wireless and imf cases and mor
	ebuilding iraq, and like it or not, we now have a moral responsibility to carry much of this burden. when
	 bali. these are not political problems, they are moral imperatives. but our capacity to strip away the d

morality:
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	ment/natural resources ethics and lobbying ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	ment/natural resources ethics and lobbying ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 amendment senator(s): issue(s): veterans, ethics/morality file name: fristflag6_14_06.mp3 quality: studio |
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	 environment environment/natural resources ethics/morality faith family fiscal responsibility foreign affair
	ment/natural resources ethics and lobbying ethics/morality faith family find more, use less fiscal responsib

morals:
	y for abortion.  please join me in protecting the morals of our taxpayers and supporting the needed protec

mosques:
	ional and local muslim-american organizations and mosques in american society. ideally we would like the de

muslim:
	declining approval for american foreign policy in muslim countries: does it make it more difficult to figh
	om the cincinnati enquirer u.s. should be wary of muslim brotherhood in egypt when i was named chairman of

muslims:
	 of fasting and spiritual renewal, and commending muslims in the united states and throughout the world for
	atrick leahy on protecting the rights of american muslims 03/10/11 bipartisan vote by sjc sends usa patriot

parish:
	 parish news - acadia hi-res photo committees issues comm
	ight down to it, i trust the people in washington parish to make decisions regarding their children's educ
	overnment resources baton rouge office livingston parish office washington dc office you are here home pag

pastor:
	 san luis, announced u.s. rep. ed pastor, d-ariz. pastor, who represents yuma county, is a member of the h

pope:
	ampaign speech? 02/11/13 - mcconnell statement on pope benedict xvi 02/11/13 - mcconnell urges president
	8/05 santorum comments on the funeral services of pope john paul ii 04/02/05 santorum comments on the pa
	or(s): jim talent issue(s): n/a file name: talent_pope quality: digital | length: 2 min. play television
	er of the postal regulatory commission   carol w. pope and thomas m. beck to be members of the federal l
	tter from 138 leading muslim scholars, and in the pope transcript [pdf]   | webcast july 23, 2008 china 
	ength: play television clip 2nd comments honoring pope john paul ii senator(s): rick santorum issue(s): 

pray:
	izens who are arab-american or muslim-american to pray with them, embrace them, and protect them from an

prayer:
	g on prayer for troops 06/06/08 - national day of prayer 06/06/08 - resolution - june 6 - nat. day of pray
	-  senator allard co-sponsors amendment to permit prayer at service academy events   8th -  senator allard
	 time      washington times: officials cleared in prayer injunction case   washington times: lawmakers bac
	90 of 1147 next 10    06/06/08 - d-day 06/06/08 - prayer 06/06/08 - prayer for june 6 06/06/08 - thanks 06

prayers:
	- st. paul, mn -  laurie and i send our heartfelt prayers and sympathies to the family and friends of those
	icipate in the political process. my thoughts and prayers are with congresswoman giffords and her family, a

religion:
	rm marriage national security poverty alleviation religion social security state/local taxes technology terr
	society. the first of those pillars is freedom of religion, where people's rights are not enhanced or dimini
	rm marriage national security poverty alleviation religion social security state/local taxes technology terr
	ority message marriage mining poverty alleviation religion securing america's values social security soldier
	ority message marriage mining poverty alleviation religion securing america's values social security soldier
	iage mining national security poverty alleviation religion social security soldier stories state of the unio
	   television feed radio feed graphics feed       religion television latest clips 04.15.08 sen. martinez co
	rm marriage national security poverty alleviation religion social security state/local taxes technology terr
	rm marriage national security poverty alleviation religion social security state/local taxes technology terr
	 exist at this time. there is still no freedom of religion in many areas of the central highlands. there is 
	rm marriage national security poverty alleviation religion social security state/local taxes technology terr
	iage mining national security poverty alleviation religion social security soldier stories state of the unio
	rm marriage national security poverty alleviation religion social security state/local taxes technology terr
	ority message marriage mining poverty alleviation religion securing america's values social security soldier
	icitly, and at times explicitly, blamed an entire religion for the unholy violence of a few. this left many 
	ority message marriage mining poverty alleviation religion securing america's values social security soldier
	ority message marriage mining poverty alleviation religion securing america's values social security soldier

religious:
	de emergency alert system (eas) test introduction religious freedom sanctity of life second amendment social 
	s for the university, prohibited use of funds for religious instruction, made the university subject to inspe
	 as two separate religions  since the 1980s, when religious belief was again permitted, the official churches
	f directors was comprised of representatives from religious organizations, civic groups, labor unions, busine
	y 25, 2010 the current status of human rights and religious freedom in iran over the past decade, the united 
	r their religious character and explicitly allows religious organizations the ability to discriminate in thei
	ting such impacts photo gallery 6.7.2007 views of religious organizations on global warming photo gallery al 
	c lands, private landowners, & endangered species religious freedom social security & retirement taxes terror
	dministration health care mandate is an attack on religious freedom feb 3, 2012 - today, congressman john boe
	r contact with leaders and members of the various religious communities. cameroon the constitution provides f

revelations:
	 stained the reputation of the united states than revelations that the torture of detainees was condoned by the
	peech in north carolina:   hoyer statement on new revelations about republicans redistricting tactics in texas 

reverend:
	hts legend to attend sotu jan 24, 2012 - 02:00 pm reverend curtis harris, right, with reverend martin luther
	f. senator gov. congressman hon. fr. sister rabbi reverend fleet admiral admiral vice admiral rear admiral (

sacred:
	 another 50 years. we cannot afford to break this sacred trust with our nation s seniors, especially given
	our world.  it is our solemn duty to remember the sacred list of brave americans who have sacrificed their
	her quality and better care. social security is a sacred promise to america's seniors and must be preserve
	dministration recently awarded a $23,304 grant to sacred heart university in fairfield for advanced educat

sacrifice:
	 reduce the deficit that does not call for shared sacrifice. at least 50 percent of any deficit reduction pla
	and difficult   requiring personal commitment and sacrifice, as well as the patience and support of their fam
	 of the region, and to thank our troops for their sacrifice and commitment. click here to read more about sen
	k moratorium, gearing up for 2008 requests 3/5/07 sacrifice - the great american heritage related links about

sacrifices:
	ve to honor their memories by ensuring that their sacrifices were not in vain, and that we give our full measu
	en fighting this war for decades now and with the sacrifices of our brave fighting men and women in the americ
	our nation's veterans and the men and women whose sacrifices have enabled the preservation of freedom in our t
	/10 "our brave men and women have made tremendous sacrifices for our country," said congresswoman fudge. "many

saint:
	aint cloud office 916 w st. germain st. suite 110 saint cloud, mn 56301 (320) 251-2721 saint paul office 
	t on to serve on the front lines at the battle of saint lo during some of the fiercest fighting of the no
	 (618) 826-1923 8787 state street, suite 102 east saint louis, il 62203 phone: (618) 397-8833 fax: (618) 
	s virgin islands to provide land on the island of saint john, virgin islands, for the establishment of a 

samaritan:
	 he will repay him for his deed.   proverbs 19:17 samaritan house of orangeburg began their good work in 2001

sanctuary:
	t blvd. interchange in salinas * the monterey bay sanctuary scenic trail * highway 1 improvements, santa cruz

sectarian:
	articular, gulf governments worry that escalating sectarian violence in iraq could spread to iraq s mainly su
	ized in washington, we are not in the middle of a sectarian civil war.   rather, we are fighting a totalitari
	ider their stand on iran since its involvement in sectarian sedition would lead to serious consequences acros

shiite:
	he united states by exerting its influence on the shiite population in iraq and encouraging among other th
	 appropriations subcommittee on foreign aid.  the shiite personal status law violates the basic human righ

sin:
	nuncia $ 1.3 millones para ayudar a los veteranos sin hogar el representante de johnson dice que no a l
	nuncia $ 1.3 millones para ayudar a los veteranos sin hogar el representante de johnson dice que no a l
	nuncia $ 1.3 millones para ayudar a los veteranos sin hogar el representante de johnson dice que no a l

spirit:
	topic ... united. 05/30/2007, american competitve spirit: alive, but well? ... 05/03/2007, crapo: rural de
	ases by topic ... 05/30/2007, american competitve spirit: alive, but ... 03/2007, crapo: rural development
	 the basic principles that were enunciated in the spirit of this country in the declaration of independenc

temple:
	-1766 fax: (202) 226-0350 district office: 255 e. temple st., ste. 1860 los angeles, ca 90012-3334 phone: 

testament:
	king, jr., letter from birmingham city jail, in a testament of hope: the essential writings and speeches of m

worship:
	as captive audience to proselytization, sectarian worship in order to receive a public service- literacy tu

